changelog: Add benchmark results for 0.1 vs 0.2 (#416)
wasmx/fizzy: CHANGELOG.md

  - 6381 skipped due to containing floating-point instructions or testing text format parser.

Secondly, two major optimisations are included: branch resolution is done once in the parser and not during execution; and an optimised stack implementation is introduced.

> In many cases this results in v0.2.0 executing code twice as fast compared to v0.1.0.

Reviewer: I would suggest just remove line here.

#### Performance comparison to v0.1.0

The time of wasm module instantiation (including binary loading and verification) has increased by 15–30%.

> The execution speed has been doubled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution is approximately twice as fast.
```

Secondly, two major optimisations are included: branch resolution is done once in the parser and not during execution; and an optimised stack implementation is introduced.

#### Performance comparison to v0.1.0

The time of WebAssembly module instantiation (including binary loading and verification) has increased by 15–30%, while the execution is approximately twice as fast.

> The execution is approximately twice as fast.

Reviewer: This line is duplicate, because the change suggestions didnt include the two lines.

Secondly, two major optimisations are included: branch resolution is done once in the parser and not during execution; and an optimised stack implementation is introduced.

#### Performance comparison to v0.1.0

> The time of wasm module instantiation (including binary loading and verification) has increased by 15–30%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time of WebAssembly module instantiation (including binary loading and verification) has increased by 15–30%, while the execution is approximately twice as fast.
```

The execution is approximately twice as fast.

<details>

>   <summary>Detailed benchmark results</summary>

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this because it only works in html rendering and not basic markdown and don't think the results are that long.
